README.md, before:

[![Clang Linux Build](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/Clang%20Linux%20Build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/Clang%20Linux%20Build.yml)
[![Windows Build](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/Windows%20Build.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/Windows%20Build.yml)
[![GCC Linux Build](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/GCC%20Linux%20Build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/GCC%20Linux%20Build.yml)
[![Documentation](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/documentation.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/documentation.yml)

![](https://i.ibb.co/sC8WJQs/logo2.png)

# Introduction 
A C++ messenger for learning purposes in EPAM Brest C++ R&D Lab

[Documentation Coverage](https://f1nal3.github.io/Juniorgram/doc_coverage/index.html)

---
# Getting Started

There are a few steps to get up and running on own system:

#### 1. Software dependencies

[Conan](https://conan.io/index.html)

This is an open source, decentralized and multi-platform package manager for C/C++.

Recommended install:

1. Install Python: 

 - Windows: [Python 3.8.7.exe](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.8.7/python-3.8.7-amd64.exe)

 - Linux: 
``$ sudo apt-get update``
``$ sudo apt-get install python3.8``

2. Install Conan: 

 - Windows/Linux: `` $ pip install conan``

3. Install Qt 5.15.2
 
 - Set your CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH and QT_QPA_PLATFORM_PLUGIN_PATH environment variable to the Qt5 installation prefix.
 Example:
 
 ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57706182/117034264-ca95ea00-ad0b-11eb-8e64-5e38bf20a305.png)
 ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57706182/117034299-d4b7e880-ad0b-11eb-9165-f911b13a5e7c.png)

 - You may install Qt Desktop or other versions.

---

[CMake](https://cmake.org)

CMake is a cross-platform, open-source build system generator. 

Install CMake:

 - Windows: [cmake-3.19.3-win64-x64.msi](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.19.3/cmake-3.19.3-win32-x86.msi)

 - Linux: [cmake-3.19.3-Linux-x86_64.sh](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.19.3/cmake-3.19.3-Linux-x86_64.sh)

#### 2. Installation process

## Windows: 

## Visual Studio 2019:
 1. Clone this repository or download as Zip from Github.
 2. Run Visual Studio and open this repository as folder. It will automatically detect the root CMakeLists.txt and execute it, after which you can start/debug the server and client sides.

## Linux:

Qt Creator:

 1. Clone this repository or download as Zip from Github.
 2. Run Qt Creator and open the root CMakeLists.txt. It will automatically detect the root CMakeLists.txt and execute it, after which you can start/debug the server and client sides.

Commit message:

Create Setup server on localhost.md (#458)
* Create Setup server on localhost.md

* Updated documentation

Co-authored-by: Valentine Timoshik <valentine.timoshik@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

[![Clang Linux Build](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/Clang%20Linux%20Build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/Clang%20Linux%20Build.yml)
[![Windows Build](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/Windows%20Build.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/Windows%20Build.yml)
[![GCC Linux Build](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/GCC%20Linux%20Build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/GCC%20Linux%20Build.yml)
[![Documentation](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/documentation.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/f1nal3/Juniorgram/actions/workflows/documentation.yml)

![](https://i.ibb.co/sC8WJQs/logo2.png)

# Introduction {#mainpage}
A C++ messenger for learning purposes in EPAM Brest C++ R&D Lab

[Documentation Coverage](https://f1nal3.github.io/Juniorgram/doc_coverage/index.html)

---
# Getting Started

There are a few steps to get up and running on own system:

#### 1. Software dependencies

[Conan](https://conan.io/index.html)

This is an open source, decentralized and multi-platform package manager for C/C++.

Recommended install:

1. Install Python: 

 - Windows: [Python 3.8.7.exe](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.8.7/python-3.8.7-amd64.exe)

 - Linux: 
``$ sudo apt-get update``
``$ sudo apt-get install python3.8``

2. Install Conan: 

 - Windows/Linux: `` $ pip install conan``

3. Install Qt 5.15.2
 
 - Set your CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH and QT_QPA_PLATFORM_PLUGIN_PATH environment variable to the Qt5 installation prefix.
 Example:
 
 ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57706182/117034264-ca95ea00-ad0b-11eb-8e64-5e38bf20a305.png)
 ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57706182/117034299-d4b7e880-ad0b-11eb-9165-f911b13a5e7c.png)

 - You may install Qt Desktop or other versions.

---

[CMake](https://cmake.org)

CMake is a cross-platform, open-source build system generator. 

Install CMake:

 - Windows: [cmake-3.19.3-win64-x64.msi](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.19.3/cmake-3.19.3-win32-x86.msi)

 - Linux: [cmake-3.19.3-Linux-x86_64.sh](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.19.3/cmake-3.19.3-Linux-x86_64.sh)

#### 2. Installation process

## Windows: 

## Visual Studio 2019:
 1. Clone this repository or download as Zip from Github.
 2. Run Visual Studio and open this repository as folder. It will automatically detect the root CMakeLists.txt and execute it, after which you can start/debug the server and client sides.

## Linux:

Qt Creator:

 1. Clone this repository or download as Zip from Github.
 2. Run Qt Creator and open the root CMakeLists.txt. It will automatically detect the root CMakeLists.txt and execute it, after which you can start/debug the server and client sides.

 #### Setting server on a local machine

 See @ref localserversetup ["this page"] for a guide.
